hello everyone this is dark one fairly
new to this YouTube thing and I'm going
to do today I'm gonna do a review for a
bluetooth headset is a model of the
because it's called the motorola Kennedy
I don't think I've heard of it but it's
my intuition had said small all over
least it is a pretty decent bluetooth
headset and I really like that I've easy
for a couple weeks and it is fantastic
person you notice about this bluetooth
as it is actually not the best shape
that you actually have a kind of
bluetooth and it looks kind of weird
actually except let me take this part
off if you notice the ear piece kind of
extend it goes all the way inside the
ear like it's it's really deep inside of
here and has a special feature I know if
you can see that decimal sensor over
here but this sensor does is it goes
inside the ear like this okay and that
sense or touches the inner side of you
here and basically when you're talking
on the phone it has a button right here
that activates stealth mode what stealth
mode does is it reads add the vibration
generated from your jaw movements
basically to your ear and compare stats
into sound the same technology that uses
the military when they talk over you
know in the loud area that's how you can
actually can communicate with people
around here and what it does is it
cancels all the background noise and it
also has dual microphones so you know
call quality a be actually way better
than all of google consoles better life
wise wasn't so good gave me about six
about five hours of talk time giving it
for about four hours after that it goes
dead like he'll go get food without even
letting you know like you'll know when
your headset double come on anymore my
creature at all it won't turn on again
till you plug it into chargers one cool
thing about it is we use a fuse iphone
you're a phone user ill have a battery
indicator Taylor status or the value in
how much better life we actually have
all of these
so overall sound quality is fantastic
and noise cancellation hours driving and
like wind speed i would say about maybe
20 miles an hour wind and i was talking
that they could not know does every
actually wind or knows there's people on
the other end didn't hear any echo or
any of that so a world is a pretty neat
bluetooth and uh it's actually not that
expensive you can actually get it on
ebay for about thirty nine or
thirty-five dollars i bought mine out
from ebay and i paid about it was about
forty dollars wigs shipping that's all
so I let you talk about this is called
the motorola affinity it's a pretty good
bluetooth it's very comfortable in the
ear and i really recommend it thank you
very much